So here we are back in Gimp.
What we need to do is just take our beer can label and our can top and place them here on our U.V. map.
So I'll grab this one here.
I'll select everything and copy it and I'll come over here and I'll paste it in.
Now it's a little too big.
Zoom out a bit with the minus key and we can see the outline of the image here.
I need to make this pasted layer into an actual layer that we can edit.
So all right click and choose two new layer.
I'll give this layer a name or call it label.
Now let's come over here to the scale tool right here.
Click on the image and click and drag this.
But first I need to lock the aspect ratio here with the width than the height click and drag this and
get it down.
So it's a little bit more reasonable for our U-V map.
I'll hit enter.
Go to the move tool and try and move this in place.
So I've pretty much got it there.
That's not bad.
I'll take this layer and move it down below the U-V islands and get dizzy and zoom in so he can see
it.
Now if I click here and drag you can see I'm dragging the U-V layer here I don't want to do that.
I'll hit command Z.
I can come over here to the tool options and choose Move Active layer.
And now with the label layer active I can click and drag that around and I kind of want to get it right
there go back to my scale and let's move this out just a bit.
So now let's go grab that beer can image or the beer can top.
I'll grab this and select it with command D command C and let's come back over here and paste it onto
our image.
Let's also right click and choose two new layer and then we go.
We can also select this white area around the can.
I'll come over here to the Fuzzy's select tool and click in the white area.
Now press commander control X and get rid of that de-select everything.
Select none.
And now maybe we can scale it down and get it in place.
But let me drag it beneath the movies there first and then I'll scale it down.
Let's get it a little bit smaller.
Let's try that.
Go to the move tool and get it in place.
It looks like it's just a little bit skewed up and down so I can go back to my scale tool and click
on the image and I will and these on link these and just move them a bit up and down.
All right well let's give that a try.
I'll go ahead and create a new layer here for the other part of the can the bottom of the can create
a new layer here come over and choose our ellipse tool and press shift and click and drag and let's
try and drag this over our circle here.
And I'll move it into place something like this kind of squish it a bit so it just encompasses that
part of the map.
Then I'll come over to my color picker select the can top layer and pick a color off of there and I'll
come back over to my paint bucket tool switch back to that layer with the selection on it and click
there and that'll fill that circular selection up seems like it could be a little more silver.
Let me drag this over just a bit.
See if we can get it to be a little more gray.
And then paint it again.
Yeah I'll go with that.
So this is the this layer here is our Can top.
This is our Can bottom I'll create a new layer for the background.
Drag that down to the bottom.
Switch this back to black.
Let's use the paint bucket tool.
And if I come over here and try and click I can't click.
I need to de-select that circular selection so I go to select none.
And now I can come over here in an empty part of the image and click and that'll lay the black down
there.
So now I'll turn off that U.V. map and there is our image I'll press shift command J to see at full
screen there.
All right so let's export this now or go to file export as an instead of beer can you go ahead and change
this to a beer can underscore see for color map and I'll export this out.
So now let's go back to blender and apply our texture.